Hi welcome back and this video we are going to be learning about cookies and you might be asking yourself
why in the world are cookies.
Well you probably heard the term before you delete your cookies.
Isn't that on the Web site right now.
Let me show you what happens in Chrome when we visit our website.
For example I type in cars I search on Chrome and I go to that website.
This is how cookies work.
Now visit this Web site now automatically you know what his Web site might be doing right now and I'm
pretty sure they are.
They are setting a cookie in my browser if I have my browser if my browser is accepting cookies.
This web site was able to go into my browser and it was able to send a request to set a cookie into
my browser.
All right.
And we're going to find out how well they did it right.
Right now this browser I know for sure that is accepting cookies.
You can turn it off in your browser depending on what browser you are using on google chrome.
If you go to the settings here you can erase history on Google Chrome but that's not going to erase
the cookies.
There is the information that was said by other Web sites in your browser that you don't even know about.
Right so I'm going to show you right now in Google Chrome how you get how you see this information.
Let's go to settings.
Let's go to a show event settings.
Let's go to Canton settings.
Let's go to our cookies in site data.
These are all the site all the sites that I have visited or for some reason was redirected there and
all the sites that it stored cookie in my browser.
Right.
This guy I don't know what say that this is but this Web site said three cookies in my browser.
I click on it and I can see that they said this on this one in this one.
I click on this one.
This one right.
This could be references to sessions in the server but actually references actually get a lot longer
than that.
They're not references right for you if I click on it you can see all that information.
They said they said the name of the cookie right there that's the name our TB data zero and the content.
This is all the information they are saving in my browser.
The path any kind of connection.
Accessible yes created that date and the day expires at Spierer.
So this cookie expires on February 8 and 17.
All right so basically this is going to stay alive in my browser for two years because we are in 2015
of course.
But two years in my browser.
Isn't that crazy right.
That's a lot.
So it was created here.
Any was they going to expire.
It's going to be my brows if i don't they need it for two years remove I don't know who that is.
I'm going to delete it.
Right.
But anyways this is how cookies work.
You visit a Web site and all of a sudden they are allowed to set cookies in your browser.
So next time you visit our Web site they know who you are.
Right and they can greet you by your name or they can tell you listen especially this website here.
Let's go to the cars that come.
So next summer come visit here.
They might say you know what.
This guy was actually searching on these sedans for 30 minutes.
Let's go ahead and show him another type of sedan that we have for sale this week so they can personalize
your visit the next time you visit.
Now they got this cookie set up in your browser.
And when you come back you actually send back that data to their server and they process that data and
they send back some information from their server to your browser to give you some personalize visit
to their website application.
This is how cookies work.
All right so you don't set a date.
The application sets it for you in your browser and then when you visit our website and you send it
back to them in the header.
All right.
So anyways I just wanted you to kind of actually I want you to know the information because we're going
to be talking about how to set cookies how and how we can read information in the next lecture.
Thank you so much and I'll see you then.
Take your